Update max-allowable-numa-nodes option description (#55715)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/topology-manager.md

at your own risk.
{{< /note >}}

> You can enable this option by adding `max-allowable-numa-nodes=<integer>` to the Topology Manager policy options, where integer value must be greater then 8 (default: 8).

Reviewer: thanks for the PR, I could suggest a reword

```suggestion
You can enable this option by adding `max-allowable-numa-nodes=<integer>` to the Topology Manager policy options, where the integer value must be greater than 8. The default is 8, which preserves the existing limit.".
```
